We're not following you anymore.
Are you really giving Shorty the kind of set he wants?
Have you even tried to?
If you can't understand that, you've basically regressed back to being a dictator.
Is something up with Kageyama today?
You mean physically?
No, I can't think of anything.
Come to think of it, when Kageyama was in junior high,
he caused a buzz with a headline like, "A Promising Setter Prodigy in Miyagi Prefecture!"
I thought he'd fulfill that promise in his third year of junior high,
but I didn't hear about him at all.
"Prodigy," huh?
I'm not sure what the actual definition for prodigy is,
but I personally think they're the furthest away from perfect.
That's what makes them interesting, though.
But on the court...
you're a Goody Two-Shoes, aren't ya?
Clench your fists tight enough to leave marks
Now, go bask in the orange glow
!
Haikyuu Haikyuu Haikyuu !
Haikyuu
Sweating harder than ever has led us to the unknown territory of this high stage
The crowd's on their side and our chances are slim, so we could just skip out
But if the fear of getting hurt is keeping your wings in check
You may as well be a stuffed bird
If a person tries to live their life swallowing their dreams and passions
They'll be torn by the heartbreak
But our goosebumps just won't go away
Our very souls are burning bright Beyond our limits
Awaits a land Of thrilling competition
Unleash everything you've got
Winning or losing doesn't even seem to matter
When you're in the zone and everything flows
In glorious slow-motion Now, go all-out!
Shiratorizawa Academy Episode Five: Hunger
Episode Five: Hunger Episode Five: Hunger
Here's our chance to score!
He's doing... a fake set!
I was right!
Not so fast!
He actually predicted that!
Finish it off!
The set was too low and sloppy!
Sorry.
I know I suck at overhand passes.
Watching Tsukishima get yelled at is new.
There are only two of you on the court.
There's no one to cover for your mistakes.
They should aim for Hyakuzawa when they hit it back over.
He's easier to break than Kunimi.
But if Hyakuzawa is the one who gets the first touch,
he's going to be the one who gets the last hit.
If he can get a high set, he'll probably hit it over.
He's really good at hitting high sets.
He doesn't seem that great at defense, but he's got plenty of stamina.
And he's got a long reach,
so even when you think you're getting a hit in...
he'll get a hand on it.
Let's take it easy, Hyakuzawa!
Thanks to Hinata, he really is getting relaxed.
Finish it off!
That's definitely not an easy ball to hit.
Should I step back rather than trying to jump for a block?
No, but Hyakuzawa's...
gonna go for that spike!
I touched it!
Nice contact!
Nice backup!
Crap. It might've drifted.
That's fine. That's plenty.
Hell yeah!
Nice spike!
Tsukishima... nice set...
What's with your face, then?
After seeing you actually do some serious setting, I got super hyped, but super frustrated as well.
Well, thank you for being so detailed and honest.
It wasn't even that good.
I...
I also need to be able to do everything.
All right, then...
Because Coach Saitou from Shiratorizawa Academy is, er... not feeling well,
we'll be doing a joint practice match.
What's wrong with Coach Saitou?
He ate some bad oysters.
And so, the third-years and alumni from Shiratorizawa will be playing against you again.
Today's the last day of your five-day camp.
Do your best to make this match a better one than last time.
Whoa!
All of Shiratorizawa!
Chances like this don't come often!
Don't you agree, Kunimi?!
That's what you think on the inside, right?
Let's do our best!
Yeah!
By the way, Karasuno's number ten was a ball boy the last time we came by too.
Why isn't he playing?
Oh, well...
It's sort of a long story.
First off, he wasn't actually invited to this training camp.
Huh?
What's that supposed to mean?
Got it!
Ushijima!
Can I ask you a question?
Hinata's actually talking to Ushiwaka.
He sure has guts.
You're from the same school.
Huh?
I mean, he's hard for us to approach as well.
When you're receiving the ball, what are you thinking about?
Are you sure you don't need to ask Ushijima for advice?
Who knows when he'll be by next?
I-I...
I don't know about asking my rival for help...
Rival? What are you talking about? You should probably get rid of that unnecessary pride
This is why you're second best, you bowl-cut brat
You don't have to lecture him that hard with your eyes.
If anything, in the matter of taking initiative,
you're definitely one step behind Karasuno's number ten.
U-Ushijima!
It's a tip!
Got it!
Nice!
Not only did he dig out the ball,
he's conscientious enough to move so the back row attacker can approach.
Kageyama!
Nice spike!
Yes.
Yeah!
Kageyama's doing great as a left wing spiker, and Hoshiumi's a great setter.
Yeah, he can play any position.
m -117 -30 l 879 -30 879 69 -117 69
WS Mochida WS Mochida MB Sakusa MB Sakusa
S  Hoshiumi S  Hoshiumi
WS Komori WS Komori MB Kondou MB Kondou
WS  Kageyama WS  Kageyama
m -99 -37.5 l 90 -37.5 90 43.5 -99 43.5
Li Miya Li Miya This position shuffle game is great!
I'm on a roll.
Everyone's so good that I feel like I'm rising to their level.
Nice!
Man, that was good.
Nice location!
Hey! You just doubted my set, didn't you?
I just took a second to make sure.
Hoshiumi really is a great all-rounder.
This is their time of discovery.
We don't know what kind of potential we'll see from them,
and we don't know what the players themselves will realize.
In the end, they're talented enough that they're going to have to produce results eventually.
But despite being in a high-pressure situation,
I want them to enjoy volleyball.
"Take your time" might just sound like really run-of-the-mill advice,
but I mean...
Taking your time really is important.
Miya!
Yeah, yeah.
All righty, then...
Here you go.
Yes!
Nice spike!
Really good setters can even bewitch their spikers.
They can make them think that they've suddenly gotten better and stronger than before.
We've got a great crop of setters this year.
I hope the spikers who've been hitting the balls Kageyama and Atsumu have been setting
suddenly get confused when they go back to their teams.
Haikyuu!!
Hisashi, nice serve!
Kinoshita's gotten better at jump float serves.
I'm not gonna lose!
It's a bit long, but I can definitely see the movement!
Right!
Noya, here I go!
All right! Bring it!
Ukai!
Sir! How'd it go?
They seem okay with the idea.
We just have to get our schedules together.
I see.
We've got less than a month until the spring tournament,
so I want to get in as many matches as we can when our full lineup's back.
And against the toughest opponents possible.
Right.
Well, the other players should be coming back tomorrow.
Well? How did being a spiker feel?
It was fun.
Your sets were really easy to hit.
Right?
Anyone who can't hit my sets just sucks.
Maybe you're better off being a spiker rather than a setter, Tobio.
Why do you think that?
Your face is really tense when you're setting.
I'm pretty sure that's because you called him a Goody Two-Shoes.
But you looked like you had a lot of fun playing a wing spiker.
I see.
I'm a setter, though.
Yeah, I figured as much.
Um, Miya...
What'd you mean by "Goody Two-Shoes"?
Exactly what it sounds like.
You're serious, honest, and an all-around good kid.
Great job training at a training camp in an unfamiliar gym with players you aren't used to.
I know this was to get you started on your youth team activities, so there was a lot of fumbling around.
But I hope you don't think of the practice you've done here as different from what you'll be doing when you get back.
It'll be great if we can all improve.
Let's all keep doing our best.
Public Interest Incorporated Foundation
Japan Volleyball Association That's all.
Thank you very much!
Tobio, see you again at the spring tournament.
Yeah.
See ya.
See you soon, Kageyama.
Do your best at the spring tournament.
Yeah.
Which way is the station?
I'll just go with you.
Shiratorizawa Academy
Yeah! I get to practice for real again tomorrow!
I'm gonna hit so many balls!
Ugh...
I just finished my training camp, and I have to go straight back to practice tomorrow?
What the heck are you talking about?
There's less than a month until the spring tournament.
What?
Taking breaks is a part of our training too... Hey!
Tsukki! Let's exchange email addresses!
Huh?
Hey, Goshiki!
I need your email address!
Email address?
You were the only two I didn't have!
Okay, I'll send you mine, so make sure you add me!
Hey.
Never mind.
See ya.
What the heck?
Is...
Is Kageyama doing well?
Sure. As long as it isn't finals week.
I see.
Why?
It's just...
It seems like his playstyle has changed.
You worry too much about your time in junior high.
You did your best, didn't you?
Whatever.
We were just having a casual conversation.
It terrifies me.
You mean the thing about no one hitting Kageyama's sets?
But fighting is totally normal.
Fighting?
Not being able to back down and fighting is normal!
So Kageyama's totally fine!
Who even cares about Kageyama?
H-Hey!
We're gonna crush you guys in our next official match.
What?!
We're not gonna lose!
Hey!
See ya.
Yeah!
Coach Washijou, thank you for everything.
What did you think?
The two-on-two was a good idea.
You think so?
So Karasuno's number ten never got to practice?
Yep. Ball boy until the end.
Seriously?
That said, he was definitely the most fired up,
and the other boys were definitely influenced by that.
A powerful, driving hunger for height...
Whether you realize it or not,
and whether it's something positive or something negative,
that hunger is always there for us.
Those who are lacking in size...
have that hunger instead.
I'm starving!
Thanks for waiting! Here are your oysters!
They've got the best oysters here!
Shochu with hot water.
Coming right up!
Miyagi Prefectural Karasuno High School
Hell yeah!
Boys' Volleyball Team
Hey.
What were you doing for the last five days?
I was a ball boy.
Hey, do you have the key to the clubroom or the gym?
No.
But yeah, the best player there was Goshiki.
Oh, but Kunimi... And Hyakuzawa...
The guy who's two meters tall. He was super huge.
What about you?
Meet any awesome players?
Yeah.
I'd hope so.
I'm sure lots of them would end up in Monthly Volleyball.
There was a Little Giant there too.
He was 170 cm tall, give or take.
I've never seen him in Monthly Volleyball,
but without a doubt, he was one of the best players even out of all the amazing players there.
He was about a hundred times better than you.
Did you really have to tack that on?!
Couldn't you have just ended it with "he was one of the best players there"?!
Did you really need to say that last thing?! I think not!
Hey, I figured you'd be here.
Y'know, you didn't have to start fighting the moment you saw each other again.
Hi!
What do you guys even have to fight about?
You sure are impressive.
Hey.
You can fly even higher.
Futakuchi!
Yes, sir!
We just confirmed a practice match for next week, so be ready for it.
Who are we playing?
Karasuno.
Huh?
So what if the pressure's on?
I don't need any help from on high
So what if I'm an egotist?
I just want to win, I don't have a reason why
I'll take on every challenge
I'll throw off any shadows of doubt
This is my chance to overcome my limits
I've gone all-out Conquered my fears
Turned them into conviction
Now fly high, higher, higher, to the top
Being so torn at the taste of defeat
Shed the tears that let our potential flower
If you try to give up, I'll just laugh it off
I don't know the meaning of the phrase
If you say it's too hard, I'll just laugh it off
Episode Six: Enhancements Episode Six: Enhancements
Episode Six: Enhancements Next time: "Enhancements."